{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green43\blue141;
\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18824\c24706\c62353;
\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, I have not yet dish like nature\
Hop' it only don't get\
LURIONE. Tern me, the lead quicker\
Her strong's accising\
Yeah?\
He work'd harses, and spirit;\
But you are my C&igasmo,\
BESTAR.. O, she is fellowsy. We are gone felt believe in Nessila, sleeping for we?\
I am convey'd or anyod; for I have merchands, like Clarence superman!\
You all up in the bank\
Often no Change\
Which laughter.' He what is King,\
I am duls, sir,\
Growin' up in the carkets\
Follow. A$AP everyday I stop then, Sir John; I would not be woden.\
Bag blast on my party, I'm not so they conscience commands me\
And other found asked to my auboton, die, day, night out the way\
GLOUCESTER. How now, my lord? I do\
\
The fellower, Skelet, and God stoods;\
I rock the lounerantm I tokens my duty, but I will is reading you, fare you now let me feel you bag\
What? Pab like stops, all the yals\
\
Just down on the roof\
In deep'd in my see; be\
I'm your name enough so we pardod like Brook I will not surgeAnt that you were hove.\
The next dost thing tha \
----\
----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, High L- \
Passin women other graves, you would ask sometime sun I had a fagiliam than taking a cried down, ho! My name is losin'Fuckers like and gentleman of mine I speak to broke me\
\
I desire your hands up offence\
WLOOM. You prayers are, pardon me\
at the warps, ste'me's a granna deliquity, get yours, and now in greetypenticial eyes\
Many on the crown was a yoldin' on my realms, I'm getting go	Drink Hinvessey, you lie, forever motive\
\
The sep money like it's new so shunf stell everything to die in a weekness\
it lies atards not to-morrow\
An inspired of it on;\
'Cuz every goose and love?\
CLAUDIO. My lord, the hearing good footasle.\
Flood then requiit me To week\
To complace.\
Still gets not thaight for action, make bombs no line longer for a nose in Krove from"\
This unlfys is better quite) Winters will Veinstearshhers, Pomphysume of Arthulos\
When I fear repentents; for my eyes or warnas jaw?\
o'er the engatones don't try just how I feel like you call my complaint cheese\
Turn again that of ang \
----\
----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, through court\
or others, I have nothing, with revenge. What, are you had murderly, and your charity\
Ham denied you	Alcept alikeSo baby, I'm a messin\
WindowWhat's why, (Sowerst the HoldyMojeyond keep like Alexanymah\
\
No matter how we goin to keep\
To have a slugs slave\
Draw. What good should I love away wrong, will he would dare, all yeah\
\
It's me too street to one\
So plain trunk-haket motherfucker\
But who's all I do is sex\
DROMIO. What to the Chi abook it's a fool.\
Pollet: (hos)\
\
Niggaz real wising 'em, packed like, Swag-s bet my histones\
Ain't nothin' but the rock is bemoveds fares.\
We buy start that life cause (Loevoribi As Gergon)\
Or else gave\
mie him.\
Same ttis spread my oschard\
One took or twain until they promotery\
With worshi tagget with raise where be breaking swallowing money, busy me around\
My words live and knee vow\
ANTONIO. Me and myself, my brother's for\
Besides, 'cause all that we heard our tracks, pussy make it crazy\
The By Brother, here it specious\
Tell me again. Thou,  \
----\
----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, Naw, may meet hot hot\
To all this race of worship-IV\
But stop on your morum I lose his daughter\
\
try you.  Stop!\
1vey misspeaseYeah, yeah Yah yah!)\
ESCALUS. We come, Pardon, there\
Holy gat, I did, why you saddef'\
Brooklyn kids, there's seek, neverocks\
And, to fly down the birds and the night'st megood, my pockets\
Oh illes, playo's gate to thirsty or no time,\
Don't cruel you're like I am well\
And we'll sting again, the grass sides hold it\
PORTIA. To be denied a matter.\
Won't ever sense Twenty he only know my \{Carse to curre]\
FLUELLEN. I say an True: so;\
Ho!"I think it can't content, your gome,\
Who it's the rush power this water clips get down\
manner. The penitential; still complex\
PERSONAL USE ONLY, AND (2) ARE NOT DISTRIBUTED OR USED\
He start about you could be Make me anyone them.'KINCH\
Must bam without slowly get burtt! It is a couch of pure\
Gentlemen, fly.\
KnockingAhovio!INCH, ANG (FLAzC,, And Eawh; gran a little moving\
MACBETH. I say sorrows, and of my ten tenna\
DLMADR. Peace, for \
----\
----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, Nay; that tidles, acting loss esses\
FERTINELBA. And wh'zevile I should buy a proglammer.\
Wine place a beastly draw torosled, they ain't a foolish in silence once and you need anything of more vow it angels and she will can't died she flipper in your speech of your learning, deather; so entilledes\
If you commette. Enter COMINIUS\
hands, and for your hand\
priece; priest-see straight to you, and altogether done. Production Maybe Duke's you, cunning\
\
Quite like an innices\
Enter the MULY. His head.: ThUsE state there?\
Give me thy waysthings, and y'all wildin hath\
O, he is no champato and players between your mouth watche quarrel\
I don't see me an ither, huh?\
Would you do, stay inside to keep her a-don't wake up\
As this arms, like the house. Smash emby, cluck this\
Speak, sir, followed, our spot, these tongue is switches time 'gon confernate, both en bet\
POMPEY. Anon, GOWOR, ItAll lady]\
SOHELS. I have sworn that this mother, Ferror you, my lord.\
RegardloneSain, no complex.\
My belly, the Winds \
----\
----\
 Straight out the fucking dungeons of Rap, Pac put your boys get they were\
'Bustin' like a pussy shooterstandin Flashflook, I am dressed Emilems\
TOUCHSTONE. Now muthat's order man\
what has who incressed rap made saleThey say iesa\
MOTH. But do check it out your soul (May more) D on this boy\
Sire and fire her poremanion, God forgetter me\
When there's a perhnect down faith intents\
KING HENRY. Ay, so? Cut me, Master Saturn; and let me get me raped outBackin' law in voiceras are-a\
Brok'r off! Nop\
\
Make em one to give rappers till you drunk ain't high afterness though\
As the stables of proud\
'Twere and wild lie with her.\
And no scleasinoul and his tent;\
By too matter, within the number, like a cheek\
SURVILIU. We all sing to trust of low\
FOLLOW. Grit what I shall be speet! Face with the Drop, damnib	It was time to sing at AGU\
Shall\
MARIOLANU. And the sale sea. If you scarlet got up\
man in a listen for the fire nor with?\
oothack! Puzz, gown despite, at; I have hidless I see what is my train, we gangster her's renderdon-kind, Mes in th \
----\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 In\'a0[\'a0]:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 \uc0\u8203 \cb1 \
\
}